# SearchTree
2-3+ Tree for Range Queries Search

This project builds on Memory Management Project. In on Memory Management Project, the hash table was great for keeping you from storing into the memory pool multiple copies of a given artist name or a given song name. But there was no support to answer questions like “What are all of the songs by artist X?” or “What artists recorded the song (with name) Y?”. In this project you will add a data structure that supports range queries, so that these questions can be answered.

Invocation and I/O Files:
The program would be invoked from the command-line as:

∙ java SearchTree {initial-hash-size} {block-size} {command-file}

The name of the program is SearchTree. Parameter {initial-hash-size} is the initial size of the hash table (in terms of slots). Parameter {block-size} is the initial size of the memory pool (in bytes). 

Your program will read from text file {command-file} a series of commands, with one command per line. The program should terminate after reading the end of the _le. The formats for all commands are identical to Project 1. However, these new commands are added.

∙ list {artist | song} {name}
If the first parameter is artist then all songs by the artist with name {name} are listed. If the first parameter is song then all artists who have recorded that song are listed. They should be listed in the order that they appear in the 2-3+ tree.

∙ delete {artist-name}<SEP>{song-name}
Delete the specific record for this particular song by this particular artist. This means removing two records from the 2-3+ tree, undoing the insert. If this is the last instance of that artist or of that song, then it needs to be removed from its hash table and the memory pool. In contrast, the remove command removes all instances of a given artist or song from the 2-3+ tree as well as the hash table and memory pool.

∙ print tree
You will print out a pre-order traversal of the 2-3+ tree as follows. First, before printing the tree, you should print out on its own line: “Printing 2-3 tree:”. Each node is printed on its own line. Each node is indented by its depth times two spaces. So the root is not indented, its children are indented 2 spaces, its grandchildren 4 spaces, and so on. Internal nodes list the (one or two) placeholder records (both the key and the value for each one). That is, if an internal node stores a key (a handle) whose corresponding string is at position 10 in the memory pool, and a value handle with memory pool position 20, then you would print 10 20. Leaf nodes print, for each record it stores, the two handle positions. So they will print either 2 or 4 numbers. The numbers should be separated by a space.


The 2-3+ Tree
You will implement a 2-3+ tree to support the search query. The data records to be stored are objects of the class KVPair, where the key is a handle, and the value is another handle. Your Handle class should be made to support the Comparable interface, and the actual thing that will be compared is the start position for the string in the memory manager's array. In other words, ultimately, the keys for the strings are their locations in the memory manager's array. However, to simplify implementation, we want to avoid storing records with duplicate keys. So while we use the “key” field when comparing records, if they have the same value in the key (because they refer to the same artist, or to the same song), we will then use the value of the handle in the value position of the KVPair to break the tie. For example, if one record has handle 10 in the key field and handle 30 in the value field, while another record has handle 10 in the key field and handle 40 in the value field, then the first one would appear in list of leaf nodes before the second. Whenever an insert command is called with a song/artist pair, the handles for these two strings will then be used to enter two new entries into the 2-3+ tree. If the song handle is named songHandle and the artist's name handle is named artistHandle, then you will create and insert a KVPair object with the songHandle as the key and the artistHandle as the value field. You will then create and insert a second KVPair object with the artistHandle as the key and the songHandle as the value field. However, be sure not to insert a duplicate artist/song record into the database. If there already exists a KVPair object in the 2-3+ tree with those same handles, then you will not add the song pair again. When a list command is processed, you will first get the handle for the associated string from the hash table. You will then search for that handle in the 2-3+ tree and print out all records that have been found with that key value. When a remove command is processed, you will be removing all records associated with a given artist or song name. To (greatly!) simplify removing the records from the 2-3+ tree, you will remove them one at a time. So, you will search for the first record matching the corresponding handle for the name that you want to delete, then call the (single record) delete operation on it, and repeat this process for as long as there is a record matching that handle in the tree. Also, whenever you remove a particular record (say, an artist/song pair), you will immediately after remove the corresponding song/artist record. Finally, whenever you remove the last instance of either an artist or a song, you always should remove the associated record from the hash table and the string from the memory pool. When implementing the 2-3+ tree, all major functions (insert, delete, search) must be implemented recursively. You may not store a parent pointer for the nodes. Your nodes must be implemented as a class hierarchy with a node base class along with leaf and internal node subclasses. Internal nodes store two values (of type KVPair) and three pointers to the node base class. Leaf nodes store two KVPair records.


End.
